How do you set this up inside of your mobile device? The first thing is to click the link that is underneath this video. It's going to take you to a page that looks just like this. And the next thing is to continue with Google or put your email and you will receive a code. All you have to do is just copy and paste it. Continue with Google. We select the same account. We suggest you use the same school email account so you're not jiggling through multiple accounts. That we can continue with Google. And the next thing is to upload a photo of us. Enter our name and our username. If you don't know where that is, you can simply click this button right here. We can zoom into the page. And as you can see, it will be right underneath your profile name. And after that, it's going to ask us a couple questions. And this is going to help our AI recommend the right strategies for your current stage. Because what works for a person that is making $5,000 a month right now, it's not the same strategy that a person that is making $50,000 need. So we can go ahead and click that. Click next. And just like that, we will submit a profile. And it's going to ask us if we are on mobile or in a computer. In this case, we are on a phone. We can click continue. And just like that, we're going to have access to the personalized roadmap and our profile details. But this looks too clunky and we don't want to have this inside of our phone. So what we can do is just click that share button right in the middle. Scroll a little bit. Add to home screen. Just click add. Add. And just like that, we are now going to have this in our mobile without needing to have a app to download. You can access your profile details. You can see all the communities that you are in. And you can also ask the AI chat button any questions that you have. So the first thing is to watch this video. We can go ahead and open the community and it's going to redirect us to either a post or ask us to make a post. So we can click open community. And in this case, I have already done that. So what I need to do is to copy the link. Paste it here. Verify comment. You see the comment has already been verified. I can click complete. And just like that, I can continue with the roadmap inside of my phone. If you have any questions, feel free to let us know. We are happy to help you out. This mobile version is still under development. So if you spot any issues, feel free to let us know. We are happy to help and get you on track as soon as possible. I wish you the best of luck. Ask anything to the AI agent. Get started with the roadmap. And I'll see you inside of the community. Ciao.
